Hello everyone, welcome to lesson 3D.
Today we're going to talk to you about
flashing the Ubuntu operating system onto
your DragonBoard 410c using a host
PC on the Windows operating system.
So, we wanna talk to you first about
where you're gonna go download the Ubuntu
operating system to get the binaries and
the bootloader.
>> Right, and
next we're gonna create a path variable.
It's just a tool that's gonna allow
us to access the files quicker.
>> Yeah,
finally we're going to update slightly,
the files that come with
the bootloader and the binaries, and
then we're going to flash on
to your DragonBoard 410c.
>> Yup, and with that we'll
see you in the next video and
show you where to download
everything you need.